packages/react-component-library/src/components/Button/README.md, before:

---
title: Button
description:
  Buttons are a simple interface element to allow a user to trigger an action,
  but buttons are not meant to act as a navigation aid.
---

## Types and usage

Buttons are used to invoke actions, not navigation. A button should only navigate when the action requires it,
such as adding a new record.

A button can be one of 3 variants to indicate it's importance and role on a page: primary, secondary or tertiary. There
is a further variation allowed to indicate if a button is associated with an action that is dangerous, such as deleting
a record.

## Examples

### Button Variants (types)

<img src="images/button-variants.png" width="311" />

```
<Button onClick={action} variant="primary">Primary</Button>
<Button onClick={action} variant="secondary">Secondary</Button>
<Button onClick={action} variant="tertiary">Tertiary</Button>

<Button onClick={action} variant="primary" color="danger">Primary</Button>
<Button onClick={action} variant="secondary" color="danger">Secondary</Button>
<Button onClick={action} variant="tertiary" color="danger">Tertiary</Button>
```

<hr/>

### Icon 

<img src="images/button-icon.png" width="207" />

```
<Button onClick={action} icon={<TriangleDown />}>Closed</Button>
<Button onClick={action} icon={<TriangleUp />}>Open</Button>
```

### Size 

<img src="images/button-size.png" width="361" />

```
<Button onClick={action} state="primary" size="small">Small</Button>
<Button onClick={action} state="primary" size="regular">Regular</Button>
<Button onClick={action} state="primary" size="large">Large</Button>
<Button onClick={action} state="primary" size="xlarge">xLarge</Button>
```

## Properties

| Name      | Type           | Required | Default | Description                                                                                   
| --------- | -------------- | -------- | ------- | -----------
| children  | Node or String | True     |         | The content to place in the button, typically text   
| className | String         | False    |         | Custom css class to add to the button element
| icon      | Node           | False    |         | Icon to display to the right of text in the button. Accepts any Node but ideally would be an image or svg tag                       
| onClick   | Func: ()=>void | True     |         | Function to call when a user clicks on a button
| size      | String         | False    | regular | (small/regular/large/xlarge) The size for the button
| variant   | String         | False    | teriary | (primary/secondary/tertiary) The style of button
| color     | String         | False    |         | (danger) An alternative color style to use, danger is the only alternative currently supported

Commit message:

Deprecate React Component JS library and replace with TS
Move the old React component library out of the package structure so the TS version can replace it. Keeping it out of the package structure allows us to access the old source to migrate it as needed before deleting it. Updated all the build packages and scripts to use the new package name

packages/react-component-library/src/components/Button/README.md, after:

---
title: Button
description:
  Buttons are a simple interface element to allow a user to trigger an action,
  but buttons are not meant to act as a navigation aid.
---

## Types and usage

Buttons are used to invoke actions, not navigation. A button should only navigate when the action requires it,
such as adding a new record.

A button can be one of 3 variants to indicate it's importance and role on a page: primary, secondary or tertiary. There
is a further variation allowed to indicate if a button is associated with an action that is dangerous, such as deleting
a record.

## Examples

### Button Variants (types)

<img src="images/button-variants.png" width="311" />

```
<Button onClick={action} variant="primary">Primary</Button>
<Button onClick={action} variant="secondary">Secondary</Button>
<Button onClick={action} variant="tertiary">Tertiary</Button>

<Button onClick={action} variant="primary" color="danger">Primary</Button>
<Button onClick={action} variant="secondary" color="danger">Secondary</Button>
<Button onClick={action} variant="tertiary" color="danger">Tertiary</Button>
```

<hr/>

### Icon 

<img src="images/button-icon.png" width="207" />

```
<Button onClick={action} icon={<TriangleDown />}>Closed</Button>
<Button onClick={action} icon={<TriangleUp />}>Open</Button>
```

### Size 

<img src="images/button-size.png" width="361" />

```
<Button onClick={action} state="primary" size="small">Small</Button>
<Button onClick={action} state="primary" size="regular">Regular</Button>
<Button onClick={action} state="primary" size="large">Large</Button>
<Button onClick={action} state="primary" size="xlarge">xLarge</Button>
```

## Properties

| Name      | Type           | Required | Default | Description                                                                                   
| --------- | -------------- | -------- | ------- | -----------
| children  | ReactNode      | True     |         | The content to place in the button, typically text   
| className | string         | False    |         | Custom css class to add to the button element
| color     | string         | False    |         | (danger) An alternative color style to use, danger is the only alternative currently supported      
| icon      | ReactNode      | False    |         | Icon to display to the right of text in the button. Accepts any Node but ideally would be an image or svg tag                       
| onClick   | (event: React.SyntheticEvent):void | True     |         | Function to call when a user clicks on a button
| size      | string         | False    | regular | (small/regular/large/xlarge) The size for the button
| variant   | string         | False    | teriary | (primary/secondary/tertiary) The style of button
