packages/documentation/library/pages/index.md, before:

---
title: Home
description: ''
tags: public
pageClass: ''
context: ''
status: ''
template: default
index: 0
---

<!-- Phase banner -->
This is a new service – your [feedback](/contact) will help us to improve it.

<!-- Hero banner -->
# Design your application using NELSON styles and components

Use this design system to make your application or service compliant with NELSON standards. Use the Standard to save time and deliver a consistent experience for Royal Navy users.

[Get started](/get-started)

Are you a Navy Product Owner or Stakeholder? [Find out how Standards relates to you](/about-the-design-system).

<!-- Styles card -->
Make your service look like NELSON with guides for applying colour, typography and spacing.
[View styles](/styles)

<!-- Components card -->
Save time with reusable, accessible components for forms, navigation, cards and more.
[View styles](/components)

## Latest updates

<!-- Update card -->
10th July 2019
### Standards v1.00 released
This initial launch includes the new Standards website providing ‘get started’ guides for designers and developers, styling and component usage guidelines, and information about Standards for Navy stakeholders. Please [get in touch](/contact) with us if you have any feedback.

## Contact the team
Contact the team to understand more about Standards, request a new component or if you have a question. 
[Contact](/contact)

Commit message:

review and edit homepage content
feedback welcome on the Hero Banner content. It's longer but clearer in my view. It does open us up to defining and publishing our NELSON Service Standard but that should happen soon any way. I've also avoided using NELSON where we can use Royal Navy instead - as applications are for them, not for NELSON.

packages/documentation/library/pages/index.md, after:

---
title: Home
description: ''
tags: public
pageClass: ''
context: ''
status: ''
template: default
index: 0
---

<!-- Phase banner -->
This is a new service – see our [Roadmap](/roadmap) for what's coming next.

<!-- Hero banner -->
# Design your application using NELSON styles and components

Use this design system to build applications and services for the Royal Navy. The design system includes guidance, a component library and prototyping tools. Use these resources to save time and give users a consistent experience that meets the NELSON Service Standard.

[Get started](/get-started)

Are you a Navy Product Owner or Stakeholder? [Find out how Standards relates to you](/about-the-design-system).

<!-- Styles card -->
Make your service look like it's for the Royal Navy with guides for applying colour, typography and spacing.
[View styles](/styles)

<!-- Components card -->
Save time with reusable, accessible components for forms, navigation, cards and more.
[View styles](/components)

## Latest updates

<!-- Update card -->
10th July 2019
### Standards v1.0.0 released
This launch includes the new Standards website providing ‘get started’ guides for designers and developers, styling and component usage guidelines, and information about Standards for Royal Navy stakeholders. Please [get in touch](/contact) if you have any feedback.

## Contact us
Contact the NELSON Standards team to understand more about design in the Royal Navy, request a new component or for questions and feedback. 
[Contact](/contact)
