packages/icon-library/README.md, before:

# Icon Library
A collection of SVG icons for use in Royal Navy web application development.

## Installation
The Royal Navy Icon Library is available as a NPM package.

```
// npm
npm install @royalnavy/icon-library

// yarn
yarn add @royalnavy/icon-library
```

If you want to install the prerelease then use the `@next` distribution tag.

## Usage
```javascript
import { IconHome } from '@royalnavy/icon-library'

// <IconHome />
```

## Questions
The Icon Library is maintained by a team at the Royal Navy. If you want to know more, please email the [Design System team](mailto:standards@royalnavy.io).

## Contributing
Add an SVG icon to `src/assets/**/` and run `yarn build` to generate the consumable artefacts.

The [contributing guide](https://github.com/Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit/blob/master/docs/contributing.md) resource presents information about our development process. 

## Changelog
If you have recently updated then read the [release notes](https://github.com/Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit/releases)

## License
This icon library is an extension of the Google [Material design icons](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons).

The Icon Library is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat(readme): Add roadmap links
Useful for people browsing from NPM in particular.

packages/icon-library/README.md, after:

# Icon Library
A collection of SVG icons for use in Royal Navy web application development.

## Installation
The Royal Navy Icon Library is available as a NPM package.

```
// npm
npm install @royalnavy/icon-library

// yarn
yarn add @royalnavy/icon-library
```

If you want to install the prerelease then use the `@next` distribution tag.

## Usage
```javascript
import { IconHome } from '@royalnavy/icon-library'

// <IconHome />
```

## Questions
The Icon Library is maintained by a team at the Royal Navy. If you want to know more, please email the [Design System team](mailto:standards@royalnavy.io).

## Contributing
Add an SVG icon to `src/assets/**/` and run `yarn build` to generate the consumable artefacts.

The [contributing guide](https://github.com/Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit/blob/master/docs/contributing.md) resource presents information about our development process. 

## Changelog
If you have recently updated then read the [release notes](https://github.com/Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit/releases)

## Roadmap
The [Design System Roadmap Board](https://github.com/orgs/Royal-Navy/projects/5) contains the work that has been prioritised for the next 12 months.

## License
This icon library is an extension of the Google [Material design icons](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons).

The Icon Library is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit/blob/master/LICENSE)
