packages/docs-site/src/library/drafts/getting-started.md, before:

---
title: Getting started
description: A quick start guide to get up and running with the NELSON toolkit.
tags: public
pageClass: ''
template: withsidebar
---

## Assumptions

This guide assumes that you are familiar with the following technologies:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [NPM (Node Package Manager)](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/)
- Basic terminal commands (Most commonly [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/), [Zsh](https://www.zsh.org/) or Windows Command Prompt)

It is worth taking time to familiarise yourself with these technologies, as they serve as the basis of the NELSON toolkit. If you head to the links above, you will be able to find tutorials and docs for most of the technologies on their site.

It also makes the assumption that you have already set up a basic node project and want to add the component library to it.

## Installation

In your favourite command line tool, navigate to your project's root folder and type one of the following:

### If you are using NPM

```bash
npm install @RoyalNavy/[package name]
```

### If you are using Yarn

```bash
yarn add @RoyalNavy/[package name]
```

Commit message:

chore: Update name to Royal Navy Design System

packages/docs-site/src/library/drafts/getting-started.md, after:

---
title: Getting started
description: A quick start guide to get up and running with the Royal Navy Design System.
tags: public
pageClass: ''
template: withsidebar
---

## Assumptions

This guide assumes that you are familiar with the following technologies:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [NPM (Node Package Manager)](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/)
- Basic terminal commands (Most commonly [Bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/), [Zsh](https://www.zsh.org/) or Windows Command Prompt)

It is worth taking time to familiarise yourself with these technologies, as they serve as the basis of the Royal Navy Design System. If you head to the links above, you will be able to find tutorials and docs for most of the technologies on their site.

It also makes the assumption that you have already set up a basic node project and want to add the component library to it.

## Installation

In your favourite command line tool, navigate to your project's root folder and type one of the following:

### If you are using NPM

```bash
npm install @RoyalNavy/[package name]
```

### If you are using Yarn

```bash
yarn add @RoyalNavy/[package name]
```
