packages/docs-site/src/library/pages/get-started/development/index.md, before:

---
title: Development
description: 'A multi-framework, responsive component library and SASS framework'
header: true
---

### Latest release & versioning

We adhere to [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/).

Version [1.0.0](https://github.com/Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit/releases/tag/1.0.0) is the current stable release.

### Supported technologies

The following view layer libraries are currently supported:

- React

### Component usage guidelines

Please refer to the [component demo pages](/components) to see live examples, code snippets and details on how to cosume each of the components.

### Browser support

The Standards Toolkit currently supports all major self updating browsers (like Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari, Opera).

### Contributing & issues

If you would like to make a contribution or raise an issue with the Standards Toolkit, you can do so on [GitHub](https://github.com/Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit).

### Licensing

The Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit is licensed under the Apache License 2.0.

Commit message:

Update release docs and README.md

packages/docs-site/src/library/pages/get-started/development/index.md, after:

---
title: Development
description: 'A multi-framework, responsive component library and SASS framework'
header: true
---

### Releases & versioning

All packages are published to the [NPM registry](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=%40royalnavy) and we adhere to [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/).

### Supported technologies

The following view layer libraries are currently supported:

- React

### Component usage guidelines

Please refer to the [component demo pages](/components) to see live examples, code snippets and details on how to cosume each of the components.

### Browser support

The Standards Toolkit currently supports all major self updating browsers (like Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari, Opera).

### Contributing & issues

If you would like to make a contribution or raise an issue with the Standards Toolkit, you can do so on [GitHub](https://github.com/Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit).

### Licensing

The Royal-Navy/standards-toolkit is licensed under the Apache License 2.0.
