packages/docs-site/src/library/pages/get-started/development/learning-resources.md, before:

---
title: Learning resources
description: ''
header: true
---

We have curated a collection of learning resources to help you to get up to speed with a variety of web technologies that are foundational to the **Standards Toolkit**.

These resources will help you to gain the fundamental knowledge needed to successfully consume the **NELSON Standards** component library and SASS framework to develop modern web applications.

### Key technologies

#### ES2015+ (modern JavaScript)
ES2015+ is the first significant update to the language since ES5 became standardised in 2009.

We recommend reading: [Babel Learn ES2015+ documentation](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/learn/).

#### React
[React](https://reactjs.org/) makes it painless to create interactive User Interfaces (UIs). Design simple views for each state in your application and React will efficiently update and render just the right components when your data changes.

#### SASS & CSS
[Sass](https://sass-lang.com) is a stylesheet language that’s compiled to CSS. It allows you to use variables, nested-rules, mixins, functions, and more, all with a fully CSS-compatible syntax. Sass helps keep large stylesheets well-organised and makes it easy to share design within and across projects.

#### Build tools (webpack)
[webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) is a module bundler. Its main purpose is to bundle JavaScript files for usage in a browser, yet it is also capable of transforming, bundling, or packaging just about any resource or asset.

Commit message:

chore: Update name to Royal Navy Design System

packages/docs-site/src/library/pages/get-started/development/learning-resources.md, after:

---
title: Learning resources
description: ''
header: true
---

We have curated a collection of learning resources to help you to get up to speed with a variety of web technologies that are foundational to the **Royal Navy Design System**.

These resources will help you to gain the fundamental knowledge needed to successfully consume the **Royal Navy Design System** to develop modern web applications.

### Key technologies

#### ES2015+ (modern JavaScript)
ES2015+ is the first significant update to the language since ES5 became standardised in 2009.

We recommend reading: [Babel Learn ES2015+ documentation](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/learn/).

#### React
[React](https://reactjs.org/) makes it painless to create interactive User Interfaces (UIs). Design simple views for each state in your application and React will efficiently update and render just the right components when your data changes.

#### SASS & CSS
[Sass](https://sass-lang.com) is a stylesheet language that’s compiled to CSS. It allows you to use variables, nested-rules, mixins, functions, and more, all with a fully CSS-compatible syntax. Sass helps keep large stylesheets well-organised and makes it easy to share design within and across projects.

#### Build tools (webpack)
[webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) is a module bundler. Its main purpose is to bundle JavaScript files for usage in a browser, yet it is also capable of transforming, bundling, or packaging just about any resource or asset.
