packages/docs-site/src/library/pages/components/breadcrumbs.md, before:

---
title: Breadcrumbs
description: The Breadcrumb component is a navigational item
---

import { Breadcrumbs, Tab, TabSet } from '@royalnavy/react-component-library'
import DataTable from '../../../components/presenters/data-table'
import CodeHighlighter from '../../../components/presenters/code-highlighter'

The Breadcrumb component is a navigational item that allows users to quickly ascend a page tree.

![The Breadcrumb Component](../../images/components/breadcrumb/component.svg)

## Usage
The Breadcrumb component should sit at the top of the viewport. Visit the Design [Hierarchy & Placement](#hierarchy) section for more information.

---

<TabSet>

<Tab title="Design">
 
 ## Anatomy
![Breadcrumb component anatomy](../../images/components/breadcrumb/anatomy.svg)

1. **Parent Link**. The parent link is a clickable action that will navigate the user to the parent page.
2. **Current Page Label**. The current page is a label displaying the current page title. It is not clickable.

## Sizing & Spacing
The Breadcrumb component has one standard text size. Be careful with horizontal placement however, as the breadcrumb can take up a large amount of real estate displaying all the parent links.

## States
![Breadcrumb component states](../../images/components/breadcrumb/states.svg)
When hovering on a breadcrumb, the active link will change to the primary colour. Every child to the right of the hovered link will fade to help indicate to the user the target page. 

## Hierarchy & Placement
There should only be one Breadcrumb component per page. It should be situated at the top of the viewport and be easily accessible for the user. The component is a top level navigational used to help the user navigate whole pages, rather than a subset section inside another component.

</Tab>


<Tab title="Develop">
The `Breadcrumbs` component accepts an array of links, including the current page title and href. Like the Nav component the Breadcrumbs component will render regular links by default, but if you pass a `Component` property with a link you can specify the component to render it and send the properties it needs, such as a Gatsby `Link` component that will require `to` instead of `href`.

### Basic Usage
By default simply passing a `label` and `href` will cause a regular anchor tag to be rendered for a Breadcrumb.

<CodeHighlighter source={`const links = [
  {
    href: '/',
    label: 'Home',
  },
  {
    href: '/components',
    label: 'Components',
  },
  {
    href: '/components/breadcrumb',
    label: 'Breadcrumb',
  },
]

<Breadcrumbs links={links} />`} language="javascript">
  <Breadcrumbs links={[
  {
    href: '/',
    label: 'Home',
  },
  {
    href: '/components',
    label: 'Components',
  },
  {
    href: '/components/breadcrumb',
    label: 'Breadcrumb',
  },
]} />
</CodeHighlighter>

### Usage with React Router
More often than not an application will use a library such as `React Router` to generate links between sections of a site, in this case you can specify the `Component` that will render the link, along with the properties it needs. In this example the `Link` component will be generated with the label as it's child.

<CodeHighlighter source={`import {Link} from "react-router-dom"\n\nconst links = [
    to: '/',
    label: 'Home',
    Component: Link
  },
  {
    to: '/components',
    label: 'Components',
    Component: Link
  },
  {
    to: '/components/breadcrumb',
    label: 'Breadcrumb',
    Component: Link
  },
]
\n
<Breadcrumbs links={links} />`} language="javascript">
  <Breadcrumbs links={[
  {
    href: '/',
    label: 'Home',
  },
  {
    href: '/components',
    label: 'Components',
  },
  {
    href: '/components/breadcrumb',
    label: 'Breadcrumb',
  },
]} />
</CodeHighlighter>

### Properties
<DataTable caption="Breadcrumb" data={[
  {
    Name: 'Component',
    Type: 'React.Component',
    Required: 'False',
    Default: 'Link (<a href>)',
    Description: 'A react component to surround the label and passed all properties',
  },
  {
    Name: 'label',
    Type: 'string ',
    Required: 'False',
    Default: 'neutral',
    Description: 'The label for this part of the Breadcrumb hierarchy',
  },
]} />


<DataTable caption="Breadcrumbs" data={[
  {
    Name: 'className',
    Type: 'string',
    Required: 'False',
    Default: '',
    Description: 'Optional additional css class to associate with the component wrapper',
  },
  {
    Name: 'links',
    Type: 'Breadcrumb[] ',
    Required: 'True',
    Default: '',
    Description: 'An array of objects that must least contain a label. If no custom component is provided then provide a href, otherwise provide the Component and the associated property to create a link',
  },
]} />

</Tab>
</TabSet>

Commit message:

content edits
Under sizing and spacing, I changed "real estate" to screen space as that makes it clearer imo. Otherwise, you might have to give context to users to specify it's screen real estate. If you think real estate will make immediate sense to all designers feel free to change it back.

packages/docs-site/src/library/pages/components/breadcrumbs.md, after:

---
title: Breadcrumbs
description: The Breadcrumb component is a navigational item
---

import { Breadcrumbs, Tab, TabSet } from '@royalnavy/react-component-library'
import DataTable from '../../../components/presenters/data-table'
import CodeHighlighter from '../../../components/presenters/code-highlighter'

The Breadcrumb component is a navigational item that allows users to quickly ascend a page tree.

![The Breadcrumb Component](../../images/components/breadcrumb/component.svg)

## Usage
The Breadcrumb component should sit at the top of the viewport. Visit the Design [Hierarchy & Placement](#hierarchy) section for more information.

---

<TabSet>

<Tab title="Design">
 
 ## Anatomy
![Breadcrumb component anatomy](../../images/components/breadcrumb/anatomy.svg)

1. **Parent Link**. The parent link is a clickable action that will navigate the user to the parent page.
2. **Current Page Label**. The current page is a label displaying the current page title. It is not clickable.

## Sizing & Spacing
The Breadcrumb component has one standard text size. Be careful with horizontal placement, as the breadcrumb can take up a large amount of screen space displaying all the parent links.

## States
![Breadcrumb component states](../../images/components/breadcrumb/states.svg)
When hovering on a breadcrumb, the active link will change to the primary colour. Every child to the right of the hovered link will fade to help indicate the target page to the user. 

## Hierarchy & Placement
There should only be one Breadcrumb component per page. It should sit at the top of the viewport and be easily accessible for the user. The component is a top level navigational item used to help the user navigate whole pages, rather than a subset section inside another component.

</Tab>


<Tab title="Develop">
The `Breadcrumbs` component accepts an array of links, including the current page title and href. Like the Nav component the Breadcrumbs component will render regular links by default. However, if you pass a `Component` property with a link you can specify the component to render it and send the properties it needs, such as a Gatsby `Link` component that will require `to` instead of `href`.

### Basic Usage
By default simply passing a `label` and `href` will cause a regular anchor tag to be rendered for a Breadcrumb.

<CodeHighlighter source={`const links = [
  {
    href: '/',
    label: 'Home',
  },
  {
    href: '/components',
    label: 'Components',
  },
  {
    href: '/components/breadcrumb',
    label: 'Breadcrumb',
  },
]

<Breadcrumbs links={links} />`} language="javascript">
  <Breadcrumbs links={[
  {
    href: '/',
    label: 'Home',
  },
  {
    href: '/components',
    label: 'Components',
  },
  {
    href: '/components/breadcrumb',
    label: 'Breadcrumb',
  },
]} />
</CodeHighlighter>

### Usage with React Router
Applications will often use a library such as `React Router` to generate links between sections of a site. In this case you can specify the `Component` that will render the link, along with the properties it needs. In this example the `Link` component will be generated with the label as its child.

<CodeHighlighter source={`import {Link} from "react-router-dom"\n\nconst links = [
    to: '/',
    label: 'Home',
    Component: Link
  },
  {
    to: '/components',
    label: 'Components',
    Component: Link
  },
  {
    to: '/components/breadcrumb',
    label: 'Breadcrumb',
    Component: Link
  },
]
\n
<Breadcrumbs links={links} />`} language="javascript">
  <Breadcrumbs links={[
  {
    href: '/',
    label: 'Home',
  },
  {
    href: '/components',
    label: 'Components',
  },
  {
    href: '/components/breadcrumb',
    label: 'Breadcrumb',
  },
]} />
</CodeHighlighter>

### Properties
<DataTable caption="Breadcrumb" data={[
  {
    Name: 'Component',
    Type: 'React.Component',
    Required: 'False',
    Default: 'Link (<a href>)',
    Description: 'A react component to surround the label and passed all properties',
  },
  {
    Name: 'label',
    Type: 'string ',
    Required: 'False',
    Default: 'neutral',
    Description: 'The label for this part of the Breadcrumb hierarchy',
  },
]} />


<DataTable caption="Breadcrumbs" data={[
  {
    Name: 'className',
    Type: 'string',
    Required: 'False',
    Default: '',
    Description: 'Optional additional css class to associate with the component wrapper',
  },
  {
    Name: 'links',
    Type: 'Breadcrumb[] ',
    Required: 'True',
    Default: '',
    Description: 'An array of objects that must least contain a label. If no custom component is provided then provide a href, otherwise provide the Component and the associated property to create a link',
  },
]} />

</Tab>
</TabSet>
